feat(core): new utilities (#91)
NeuraLegion/har-sdk: packages/core/README.md

  async import(content: string): Promise<Spec<'raml'>> {
    // your code

    return {
      // other fields
      type: this.type,
      format: 'yaml'
    };
  }
}
```

> `utils` package contains a set of useful utilities like `normalizeUrl`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package also contains a set of useful utilities like `normalizeUrl`:
```
